DOC-2283: re-branding modules to features with changed names (#183)
redis-stack/redis-stack-docs: docs/stack/get-started/tutorials/stack-python.md

* [git](https://git-scm.com/download) - to clone the repo to your machine. 
* [Python 3.9 or higher](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

> * A [Redis Stack](https://redis.io) database, or Redis with the [Search and Query](https://redisearch.io) and [JSON](https://redisjson.io) features installed.  We've provided a `docker-compose.yml` for this.  You can also [sign up for a free 30Mb database with Redis Enterprise Cloud](https://redis.com/try-free/) - be sure to check the Redis Stack option when creating your cloud database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A [Redis Stack](https://redis.io) database, or Redis with the [Search and Query](https://redis.io/docs/stack/search/) and [JSON](https://redis.io/docs/stack/json/) features installed.  We've provided a `docker-compose.yml` for this.  You can also [sign up for a free 30Mb database with Redis Enterprise Cloud](https://redis.com/try-free/) - be sure to check the Redis Stack option when creating your cloud database.
```
